chore: replace discord link (#534)
calimero-network/core: README.mdx

  </picture>
</div>

> Calimero Network is a decentralized framework that enables building and running peer-to-peer Self-Sovereign applications focusing on data ownership, harnessing the power of verifiable off-chain computing and data ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calimero Network is a framework that enables building and running peer-to-peer Self-Sovereign applications focusing on data ownership, harnessing the power of verifiable off-chain computing and data ownership.
```

## Why Calimero?

Calimero Network embodies a pioneering spirit, offering innovative solutions that disrupt the digital landscape. Our mission is to revolutionize data ownership principles, bringing control back to users. We aim to redefine privacy, security, and user autonomy through a robust framework that supports a diverse ecosystem of SSApps. Our vision is to become the L0 for privacy across all ecosystems and beyond. Calimero provides an easy-to-integrate solution that extends blockchain technology, offering an extra layer of security, privacy, and data ownership. Calimero enables verifiable off-chain computing, allowing for efficient and cost-effective computation by updating the state only for a selective group of peers within a context, rather than the entire network.

**Core Principles**
1. Values - the main values of Calimero are data ownership, privacy, data control, innovation, and simplicity.

> 2. Data Ownership and Access Control - SSApps work with encrypted user(peer) data: SSApps and their data are stored on a local storage(node), but have a synchronized state and can run on multiple devices. The data is kept secret from any person who does not have direct access provided by the owner. SSApps run only on user-trusted devices: a user can interact with an SSApp only after the application code and data arrives from encrypted decentralized storage and get loaded in the trusted execution environment. Once the SSApps are loaded into the user-controlled device, they do not need to interact with any machine or server when offering functionality to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Data Ownership and Access Control - SSApps work with encrypted user(peer) data: SSApps and their data are stored on a local storage(node), but have a synchronized state and can run on multiple devices. The data is kept secret from any person who does not have direct access provided by the owner. SSApps run only on user-trusted devices: a user can interact with an SSApp only after the application code and data arrives from encrypted decentralized storage and gets loaded into the trusted execution environment. Once the SSApps are loaded into the user-controlled device, they do not need to interact with any machine or server when offering functionality to the user.
```
